{
  "model": "gpt-5.1",
  "context": {
    "component": "world_state_generator",
    "timestamp": "2025-11-25T12:30:31.916432",
    "scenario_id": "scenario_group5_v7"
  },
  "request": {
    "messages": [
      {
        "role": "system",
        "content": "You are a world state generator for a workplace benchmark. Your job is to transform an abstract scenario into a concrete, detailed world_state JSON.\n\nThe world_state should include:\n1. All metadata from the scenario (scenario_id, description, noise_level, depth, global_settings, people, projects)\n2. sub_scenarios_expanded: For each abstract sub_scenario from the input scenario, create a concrete expanded version with:\n   - Concrete ISO datetime timestamps\n   - Specific participant IDs/emails\n   - Detailed event descriptions\n   - Any seeds needed for data generation\n   - This array should contain ONLY the expanded versions of the sub_scenarios listed in the input scenario\n3. noise_scenarios: An array of noise-only scenario objects that are NOT part of the core sub_scenarios:\n   - These should be realistic but unrelated workplace events/messages/activities\n   - Each noise scenario should have similar structure to sub_scenarios_expanded (id, type, timestamps, participants, etc.)\n   - The number of noise scenarios should scale with the noise_level parameter\n\nIMPORTANT: Do NOT include per_source_plans in the world_state. The world_state is scenario-centric only.\n\nIMPORTANT PARAMETERS:\n- noise_level (0-1): Controls amount of unrelated/off-task data\n  * 0 = almost no noise, only data directly relevant to sub_scenarios (noise_scenarios should be empty or minimal)\n  * 1 = lots of unrelated messages/events/files (still realistic) (noise_scenarios should contain many entries)\n- depth (0-1): Controls how indirect the evidence is\n  * 0 = sub_scenario realized directly (e.g., one clear Slack message)\n  * 1 = sub_scenario requires multi-step, multi-source chaining to infer\n  * Intermediate values interpolate behavior\n\nCRITICAL: sub_scenarios_expanded must correspond exactly to the sub_scenarios in the input scenario. All other unrelated scenarios should go in noise_scenarios.\n\nYou must output ONLY valid JSON matching the world_state schema. Do not include markdown code fences."
      },
      {
        "role": "user",
        "content": "Generate a world_state JSON from this scenario:\n\n{\n  \"scenario_id\": \"scenario_group5_v7\",\n  \"description\": \"Mixed planning meeting scenario with moderate noise and depth (variant 7)\",\n  \"noise_level\": 0.5,\n  \"depth\": 0.5,\n  \"global_settings\": {\n    \"timezone\": \"Asia/Seoul\",\n    \"workday_start\": \"09:00\",\n    \"workday_end\": \"18:00\"\n  },\n  \"org_units\": [\n    \"R&D\",\n    \"Engineering\"\n  ],\n  \"people\": [\n    {\n      \"id\": \"person_alex_smith\",\n      \"name\": \"Alex Smith\",\n      \"email\": \"alex.smith@company.com\",\n      \"team\": \"R&D\",\n      \"role\": \"PM\"\n    },\n    {\n      \"id\": \"person_jordan_johnson\",\n      \"name\": \"Jordan Johnson\",\n      \"email\": \"jordan.johnson@company.com\",\n      \"team\": \"Engineering\",\n      \"role\": \"Engineer\"\n    },\n    {\n      \"id\": \"person_sam_williams\",\n      \"name\": \"Sam Williams\",\n      \"email\": \"sam.williams@company.com\",\n      \"team\": \"R&D\",\n      \"role\": \"Senior Engineer\"\n    },\n    {\n      \"id\": \"person_taylor_brown\",\n      \"name\": \"Taylor Brown\",\n      \"email\": \"taylor.brown@company.com\",\n      \"team\": \"Engineering\",\n      \"role\": \"Lead Engineer\"\n    },\n    {\n      \"id\": \"person_casey_jones\",\n      \"name\": \"Casey Jones\",\n      \"email\": \"casey.jones@company.com\",\n      \"team\": \"R&D\",\n      \"role\": \"Designer\"\n    },\n    {\n      \"id\": \"person_morgan_garcia\",\n      \"name\": \"Morgan Garcia\",\n      \"email\": \"morgan.garcia@company.com\",\n      \"team\": \"Engineering\",\n      \"role\": \"Manager\"\n    }\n  ],\n  \"projects\": [\n    {\n      \"project_key\": \"DAT\",\n      \"name\": \"Data Migration\",\n      \"milestones\": [\n        {\n          \"name\": \"Planning\",\n          \"date\": \"2025-11-10\"\n        },\n        {\n          \"name\": \"Development\",\n          \"date\": \"2025-11-20\"\n        },\n        {\n          \"name\": \"Launch\",\n          \"date\": \"2025-11-30\"\n        }\n      ],\n      \"jira_seeds\": [\n        {\n          \"issue_key\": \"DAT-100\",\n          \"summary\": \"Data Migration - Initial Setup\",\n          \"status\": \"Done\"\n        },\n        {\n          \"issue_key\": \"DAT-101\",\n          \"summary\": \"Data Migration - Core Feature\",\n          \"status\": \"In Progress\"\n        }\n      ]\n    }\n  ],\n  \"sub_scenarios\": [\n    {\n      \"id\": \"planning_meeting_complex_3\",\n      \"type\": \"planning_meeting\",\n      \"abstract_description\": \"Schedule two consecutive meetings: first with Alex and Jordan, then with Sam, Taylor about the Data Migration.\",\n      \"participants_hint\": [\n        \"Alex\",\n        \"Jordan\",\n        \"Sam\",\n        \"Taylor\"\n      ],\n      \"constraints_hint\": {\n        \"approx_duration_minutes\": 30,\n        \"time_window\": \"next_week_working_hours\"\n      },\n      \"complexity\": \"sequential\"\n    }\n  ]\n}\n\nRemember:\n- noise_level=0.5: Generate moderate noise\n- depth=0.5: Make evidence moderately indirect\n\nOutput the complete world_state JSON now."
      }
    ],
    "extra_params": {
      "temperature": 0.7
    }
  },
  "response": {
    "raw_message": {
      "role": "assistant",
      "content": "{\n  \"scenario_id\": \"scenario_group5_v7\",\n  \"description\": \"Mixed planning meeting scenario with moderate noise and depth (variant 7)\",\n  \"noise_level\": 0.5,\n  \"depth\": 0.5,\n  \"global_settings\": {\n    \"timezone\": \"Asia/Seoul\",\n    \"workday_start\": \"09:00\",\n    \"workday_end\": \"18:00\"\n  },\n  \"org_units\": [\n    \"R&D\",\n    \"Engineering\"\n  ],\n  \"people\": [\n    {\n      \"id\": \"person_alex_smith\",\n      \"name\": \"Alex Smith\",\n      \"email\": \"alex.smith@company.com\",\n      \"team\": \"R&D\",\n      \"role\": \"PM\"\n    },\n    {\n      \"id\": \"person_jordan_johnson\",\n      \"name\": \"Jordan Johnson\",\n      \"email\": \"jordan.johnson@company.com\",\n      \"team\": \"Engineering\",\n      \"role\": \"Engineer\"\n    },\n    {\n      \"id\": \"person_sam_williams\",\n      \"name\": \"Sam Williams\",\n      \"email\": \"sam.williams@company.com\",\n      \"team\": \"R&D\",\n      \"role\": \"Senior Engineer\"\n    },\n    {\n      \"id\": \"person_taylor_brown\",\n      \"name\": \"Taylor Brown\",\n      \"email\": \"taylor.brown@company.com\",\n      \"team\": \"Engineering\",\n      \"role\": \"Lead Engineer\"\n    },\n    {\n      \"id\": \"person_casey_jones\",\n      \"name\": \"Casey Jones\",\n      \"email\": \"casey.jones@company.com\",\n      \"team\": \"R&D\",\n      \"role\": \"Designer\"\n    },\n    {\n      \"id\": \"person_morgan_garcia\",\n      \"name\": \"Morgan Garcia\",\n      \"email\": \"morgan.garcia@company.com\",\n      \"team\": \"Engineering\",\n      \"role\": \"Manager\"\n    }\n  ],\n  \"projects\": [\n    {\n      \"project_key\": \"DAT\",\n      \"name\": \"Data Migration\",\n      \"milestones\": [\n        {\n          \"name\": \"Planning\",\n          \"date\": \"2025-11-10\"\n        },\n        {\n          \"name\": \"Development\",\n          \"date\": \"2025-11-20\"\n        },\n        {\n          \"name\": \"Launch\",\n          \"date\": \"2025-11-30\"\n        }\n      ],\n      \"jira_seeds\": [\n        {\n          \"issue_key\": \"DAT-100\",\n          \"summary\": \"Data Migration - Initial Setup\",\n          \"status\": \"Done\"\n        },\n        {\n          \"issue_key\": \"DAT-101\",\n          \"summary\": \"Data Migration - Core Feature\",\n          \"status\": \"In Progress\"\n        }\n      ]\n    }\n  ],\n  \"sub_scenarios_expanded\": [\n    {\n      \"id\": \"planning_meeting_complex_3\",\n      \"type\": \"planning_meeting\",\n      \"abstract_description\": \"Schedule two consecutive meetings: first with Alex and Jordan, then with Sam, Taylor about the Data Migration.\",\n      \"complexity\": \"sequential\",\n      \"participants_hint\": [\n        \"Alex\",\n        \"Jordan\",\n        \"Sam\",\n        \"Taylor\"\n      ],\n      \"constraints_hint\": {\n        \"approx_duration_minutes\": 30,\n        \"time_window\": \"next_week_working_hours\"\n      },\n      \"seed\": 73127,\n      \"timeline\": {\n        \"reference_week\": {\n          \"start_date\": \"2025-11-10\",\n          \"end_date\": \"2025-11-14\",\n          \"note\": \"Next work week relative to context; timezone Asia/Seoul\"\n        }\n      },\n      \"events\": [\n        {\n          \"event_id\": \"pmc3_slack_thread_init\",\n          \"channel\": \"slack\",\n          \"timestamp\": \"2025-11-06T10:12:00+09:00\",\n          \"participants\": [\n            \"person_alex_smith\",\n            \"person_jordan_johnson\",\n            \"person_sam_williams\",\n            \"person_taylor_brown\"\n          ],\n          \"direction\": \"group\",\n          \"subject\": \"Data Migration planning slots\",\n          \"content\": \"Alex Smith: \\\"Hey all, we need to split the Data Migration planning into two back-to-back sessions next week.\\n\\n1) First 30 mins: high-level planning with me + Jordan (focus on scope, risks).\\n2) Second 30 mins: deep dive with Sam + Taylor on technical details.\\n\\nPrefer sometime Wed or Thu afternoon Korea time, during work hours. Any hard conflicts I should avoid?\\\"\",\n          \"metadata\": {\n            \"thread_ts\": \"2025-11-06T10:12:00+09:00\",\n            \"channel_name\": \"dat-migration\",\n            \"replies_count\": 4\n          }\n        },\n        {\n          \"event_id\": \"pmc3_slack_reply_jordan\",\n          \"channel\": \"slack\",\n          \"timestamp\": \"2025-11-06T10:18:23+09:00\",\n          \"participants\": [\n            \"person_jordan_johnson\",\n            \"person_alex_smith\"\n          ],\n          \"direction\": \"group_reply\",\n          \"subject\": \"Re: Data Migration planning slots\",\n          \"content\": \"Jordan Johnson: \\\"Wed (12th) I’m mostly free after 15:00. Thu (13th) I’m in a 15:00–16:00 infra sync, otherwise fine. Ideally we keep it between 15:00–17:00.\\\"\",\n          \"metadata\": {\n            \"thread_ts\": \"2025-11-06T10:12:00+09:00\",\n            \"channel_name\": \"dat-migration\"\n          }\n        },\n        {\n          \"event_id\": \"pmc3_slack_reply_sam\",\n          \"channel\": \"slack\",\n          \"timestamp\": \"2025-11-06T10:22:44+09:00\",\n          \"participants\": [\n            \"person_sam_williams\",\n            \"person_alex_smith\"\n          ],\n          \"direction\": \"group_reply\",\n          \"subject\": \"Re: Data Migration planning slots\",\n          \"content\": \"Sam Williams: \\\"Thu (13th) works better for me. I’m blocked 14:00–15:00 for the R&D review, but free 15:00–18:00.\\\"\",\n          \"metadata\": {\n            \"thread_ts\": \"2025-11-06T10:12:00+09:00\",\n            \"channel_name\": \"dat-migration\"\n          }\n        },\n        {\n          \"event_id\": \"pmc3_slack_reply_taylor\",\n          \"channel\": \"slack\",\n          \"timestamp\": \"2025-11-06T10:25:10+09:00\",\n          \"participants\": [\n            \"person_taylor_brown\",\n            \"person_alex_smith\"\n          ],\n          \"direction\": \"group_reply\",\n          \"subject\": \"Re: Data Migration planning slots\",\n          \"content\": \"Taylor Brown: \\\"I’ve got a release check at 16:00–16:30 on Wed, and a design review 11:00–12:00 Thu. Otherwise good either day. Back-to-back sounds fine.\\\"\",\n          \"metadata\": {\n            \"thread_ts\": \"2025-11-06T10:12:00+09:00\",\n            \"channel_name\": \"dat-migration\"\n          }\n        },\n        {\n          \"event_id\": \"pmc3_email_proposal\",\n          \"channel\": \"email\",\n          \"timestamp\": \"2025-11-06T10:40:00+09:00\",\n          \"participants\": [\n            \"person_alex_smith\",\n            \"person_jordan_johnson\",\n            \"person_sam_williams\",\n            \"person_taylor_brown\"\n          ],\n          \"direction\": \"outbound\",\n          \"subject\": \"[DAT] Data Migration planning - proposal for Thu\",\n          \"content\": \"From: Alex Smith <alex.smith@company.com>\\nTo: Jordan Johnson <jordan.johnson@company.com>, Sam Williams <sam.williams@company.com>, Taylor Brown <taylor.brown@company.com>\\nDate: Thu, 6 Nov 2025 10:40:00 +0900\\nSubject: [DAT] Data Migration planning - proposal for Thu\\n\\nHi all,\\n\\nBased on the Slack thread, how about we do this on **Thursday, Nov 13**:\\n\\n- 15:00–15:30: Data Migration high-level planning (Alex + Jordan)\\n- 15:30–16:00: Data Migration technical deep dive (Sam + Taylor)\\n\\nBoth in the same meeting room / Zoom link, just changing who’s attending.\\n\\nIf this works, I’ll send two calendar invites:\\n- \\\"DAT - Planning (Part 1: PM + Engineering)\\\" for Alex & Jordan\\n- \\\"DAT - Planning (Part 2: Technical Deep Dive)\\\" for Sam & Taylor\\n\\nPlease reply if you see any conflicts.\\n\\nThanks,\\nAlex\",\n          \"metadata\": {\n            \"message_id\": \"pmc3_email_001@dat.company.com\",\n            \"in_reply_to\": null,\n            \"references\": []\n          }\n        },\n        {\n          \"event_id\": \"pmc3_email_reply_jordan_ok\",\n          \"channel\": \"email\",\n          \"timestamp\": \"2025-11-06T10:52:15+09:00\",\n          \"participants\": [\n            \"person_jordan_johnson\",\n            \"person_alex_smith\"\n          ],\n          \"direction\": \"inbound\",\n          \"subject\": \"Re: [DAT] Data Migration planning - proposal for Thu\",\n          \"content\": \"From: Jordan Johnson <jordan.johnson@company.com>\\nTo: Alex Smith <alex.smith@company.com>\\nCc: Sam Williams <sam.williams@company.com>, Taylor Brown <taylor.brown@company.com>\\nDate: Thu, 6 Nov 2025 10:52:15 +0900\\nSubject: Re: [DAT] Data Migration planning - proposal for Thu\\n\\nWorks for me. 15:00–15:30 on the 13th is clear.\\n\\n- Jordan\",\n          \"metadata\": {\n            \"message_id\": \"pmc3_email_002@dat.company.com\",\n            \"in_reply_to\": \"pmc3_email_001@dat.company.com\",\n            \"references\": [\n              \"pmc3_email_001@dat.company.com\"\n            ]\n          }\n        },\n        {\n          \"event_id\": \"pmc3_email_reply_sam_ok\",\n          \"channel\": \"email\",\n          \"timestamp\": \"2025-11-06T11:01:40+09:00\",\n          \"participants\": [\n            \"person_sam_williams\",\n            \"person_alex_smith\"\n          ],\n          \"direction\": \"inbound\",\n          \"subject\": \"Re: [DAT] Data Migration planning - proposal for Thu\",\n          \"content\": \"From: Sam Williams <sam.williams@company.com>\\nTo: Alex Smith <alex.smith@company.com>\\nCc: Jordan Johnson <jordan.johnson@company.com>, Taylor Brown <taylor.brown@company.com>\\nDate: Thu, 6 Nov 2025 11:01:40 +0900\\nSubject: Re: [DAT] Data Migration planning - proposal for Thu\\n\\n15:30–16:00 on the 13th works for me.\\n\\n- Sam\",\n          \"metadata\": {\n            \"message_id\": \"pmc3_email_003@dat.company.com\",\n            \"in_reply_to\": \"pmc3_email_001@dat.company.com\",\n            \"references\": [\n              \"pmc3_email_001@dat.company.com\"\n            ]\n          }\n        },\n        {\n          \"event_id\": \"pmc3_email_reply_taylor_ok\",\n          \"channel\": \"email\",\n          \"timestamp\": \"2025-11-06T11:05:03+09:00\",\n          \"participants\": [\n            \"person_taylor_brown\",\n            \"person_alex_smith\"\n          ],\n          \"direction\": \"inbound\",\n          \"subject\": \"Re: [DAT] Data Migration planning - proposal for Thu\",\n          \"content\": \"From: Taylor Brown <taylor.brown@company.com>\\nTo: Alex Smith <alex.smith@company.com>\\nCc: Jordan Johnson <jordan.johnson@company.com>, Sam Williams <sam.williams@company.com>\\nDate: Thu, 6 Nov 2025 11:05:03 +0900\\nSubject: Re: [DAT] Data Migration planning - proposal for Thu\\n\\nConfirmed, 15:30–16:00 on Thu 13th is free.\\n\\n- Taylor\",\n          \"metadata\": {\n            \"message_id\": \"pmc3_email_004@dat.company.com\",\n            \"in_reply_to\": \"pmc3_email_001@dat.company.com\",\n            \"references\": [\n              \"pmc3_email_001@dat.company.com\"\n            ]\n          }\n        },\n        {\n          \"event_id\": \"pmc3_calendar_invite_part1\",\n          \"channel\": \"calendar\",\n          \"timestamp\": \"2025-11-06T11:20:00+09:00\",\n          \"participants\": [\n            \"person_alex_smith\",\n            \"person_jordan_johnson\"\n          ],\n          \"direction\": \"outbound\",\n          \"subject\": \"DAT - Planning (Part 1: PM + Engineering)\",\n          \"content\": \"Event: DAT - Planning (Part 1: PM + Engineering)\\nOrganizer: Alex Smith <alex.smith@company.com>\\nAttendees: Jordan Johnson <jordan.johnson@company.com>\\nDate: Thu, 13 Nov 2025\\nTime: 15:00–15:30 (Asia/Seoul)\\nLocation: Zoom - DAT Planning Room\\nDescription: High-level Data Migration planning. Review scope, risks, and milestones.\\n\\nRelated issues: DAT-100, DAT-101\",\n          \"metadata\": {\n            \"event_id\": \"cal_pmc3_part1\",\n            \"start\": \"2025-11-13T15:00:00+09:00\",\n            \"end\": \"2025-11-13T15:30:00+09:00\",\n            \"calendar\": \"Alex Smith\",\n            \"status\": \"sent\"\n          }\n        },\n        {\n          \"event_id\": \"pmc3_calendar_invite_part2\",\n          \"channel\": \"calendar\",\n          \"timestamp\": \"2025-11-06T11:22:00+09:00\",\n          \"participants\": [\n            \"person_sam_williams\",\n            \"person_taylor_brown\",\n            \"person_alex_smith\"\n          ],\n          \"direction\": \"outbound\",\n          \"subject\": \"DAT - Planning (Part 2: Technical Deep Dive)\",\n          \"content\": \"Event: DAT - Planning (Part 2: Technical Deep Dive)\\nOrganizer: Alex Smith <alex.smith@company.com>\\nAttendees: Sam Williams <sam.williams@company.com>, Taylor Brown <taylor.brown@company.com>\\nDate: Thu, 13 Nov 2025\\nTime: 15:30–16:00 (Asia/Seoul)\\nLocation: Zoom - DAT Planning Room\\nDescription: Technical deep dive for the Data Migration project. Discuss architecture, data mapping, and migration plan.\\n\\nNote: Scheduled immediately after Part 1.\",\n          \"metadata\": {\n            \"event_id\": \"cal_pmc3_part2\",\n            \"start\": \"2025-11-13T15:30:00+09:00\",\n            \"end\": \"2025-11-13T16:00:00+09:00\",\n            \"calendar\": \"Alex Smith\",\n            \"status\": \"sent\"\n          }\n        },\n        {\n          \"event_id\": \"pmc3_calendar_view_alex\",\n          \"channel\": \"calendar\",\n          \"timestamp\": \"2025-11-07T09:05:00+09:00\",\n          \"participants\": [\n            \"person_alex_smith\"\n          ],\n          \"direction\": \"system\",\n          \"subject\": \"Alex calendar snapshot\",\n          \"content\": \"Calendar snapshot for Alex Smith on Thu, 13 Nov 2025 (Asia/Seoul):\\n\\n- 10:00–11:00: Weekly PM Sync\\n- 13:30–14:00: 1:1 with Morgan\\n- 15:00–15:30: DAT - Planning (Part 1: PM + Engineering)\\n- 15:30–16:00: DAT - Planning (Part 2: Technical Deep Dive)\\n\\nRest of the workday is free.\",\n          \"metadata\": {\n            \"date\": \"2025-11-13\",\n            \"calendar\": \"Alex Smith\"\n          }\n        },\n        {\n          \"event_id\": \"pmc3_slack_reminder\",\n          \"channel\": \"slack\",\n          \"timestamp\": \"2025-11-13T14:40:00+09:00\",\n          \"participants\": [\n            \"person_alex_smith\",\n            \"person_jordan_johnson\",\n            \"person_sam_williams\",\n            \"person_taylor_brown\"\n          ],\n          \"direction\": \"group\",\n          \"subject\": \"Reminder: DAT planning sessions today\",\n          \"content\": \"Alex Smith: \\\"Reminder for today:\\n\\n- 15:00–15:30: DAT Planning Part 1 (me + Jordan)\\n- 15:30–16:00: DAT Planning Part 2 (Sam + Taylor)\\n\\nSame Zoom link for both, just swap participants at 15:30. See calendar invites. :)\\\"\",\n          \"metadata\": {\n            \"thread_ts\": \"2025-11-13T14:40:00+09:00\",\n            \"channel_name\": \"dat-migration\"\n          }\n        }\n      ]\n    }\n  ],\n  \"noise_scenarios\": [\n    {\n      \"id\": \"noise_team_lunch_announcement\",\n      \"type\": \"social\",\n      \"seed\": 98421,\n      \"events\": [\n        {\n          \"event_id\": \"noise_lunch_slack_1\",\n          \"channel\": \"slack\",\n          \"timestamp\": \"2025-11-05T11:30:00+09:00\",\n          \"participants\": [\n            \"person_morgan_garcia\",\n            \"person_casey_jones\",\n            \"person_alex_smith\",\n            \"person_jordan_johnson\",\n            \"person_sam_williams\",\n            \"person_taylor_brown\"\n          ],\n          \"direction\": \"group\",\n          \"subject\": \"Friday team lunch\",\n          \"content\": \"Morgan Garcia: \\\"Thinking of doing a joint R&D + Eng team lunch this Friday around 12:15. Anyone have dietary restrictions I should keep in mind?\\\"\",\n          \"metadata\": {\n            \"channel_name\": \"general\",\n            \"thread_ts\": \"2025-11-05T11:30:00+09:00\"\n          }\n        },\n        {\n          \"event_id\": \"noise_lunch_slack_reply_casey\",\n          \"channel\": \"slack\",\n          \"timestamp\": \"2025-11-05T11:33:12+09:00\",\n          \"participants\": [\n            \"person_casey_jones\",\n            \"person_morgan_garcia\"\n          ],\n          \"direction\": \"group_reply\",\n          \"subject\": \"Re: Friday team lunch\",\n          \"content\": \"Casey Jones: \\\"I’m vegetarian but otherwise flexible. Thanks for organizing!\\\"\",\n          \"metadata\": {\n            \"channel_name\": \"general\",\n            \"thread_ts\": \"2025-11-05T11:30:00+09:00\"\n          }\n        }\n      ]\n    },\n    {\n      \"id\": \"noise_calendar_one_on_one\",\n      \"type\": \"calendar\",\n      \"seed\": 20211,\n      \"events\": [\n        {\n          \"event_id\": \"noise_cal_morgan_alex_1on1\",\n          \"channel\": \"calendar\",\n          \"timestamp\": \"2025-11-11T09:15:00+09:00\",\n          \"participants\": [\n            \"person_morgan_garcia\",\n            \"person_alex_smith\"\n          ],\n          \"direction\": \"system\",\n          \"subject\": \"1:1 Morgan & Alex\",\n          \"content\": \"Event: Weekly 1:1 - Morgan & Alex\\nOrganizer: Morgan Garcia\\nAttendees: Alex Smith\\nDate: Tue, 11 Nov 2025\\nTime: 13:30–14:00 (Asia/Seoul)\\nLocation: Meeting Room 3A\",\n          \"metadata\": {\n            \"event_id\": \"cal_noise_morgan_alex_1\",\n            \"start\": \"2025-11-11T13:30:00+09:00\",\n            \"end\": \"2025-11-11T14:00:00+09:00\",\n            \"calendar\": \"Morgan Garcia\",\n            \"status\": \"accepted\"\n          }\n        }\n      ]\n    },\n    {\n      \"id\": \"noise_jira_updates_unrelated\",\n      \"type\": \"jira\",\n      \"seed\": 55678,\n      \"events\": [\n        {\n          \"event_id\": \"noise_jira_frontend_bug\",\n          \"channel\": \"jira\",\n          \"timestamp\": \"2025-11-04T16:05:00+09:00\",\n          \"participants\": [\n            \"person_taylor_brown\",\n            \"person_jordan_johnson\"\n          ],\n          \"direction\": \"system\",\n          \"subject\": \"FRONT-342 - Fix navbar overflow on mobile\",\n          \"content\": \"Issue FRONT-342 was moved from In Progress to In Review by Taylor Brown. Jordan Johnson is the assignee.\\n\\nSummary: Fix navbar overflow on mobile\\nProject: Frontend Core\\nStatus: In Review\",\n          \"metadata\": {\n            \"issue_key\": \"FRONT-342\",\n            \"project_key\": \"FRONT\",\n            \"status_from\": \"In Progress\",\n            \"status_to\": \"In Review\"\n          }\n        }\n      ]\n    },\n    {\n      \"id\": \"noise_random_support_email\",\n      \"type\": \"email\",\n      \"seed\": 88310,\n      \"events\": [\n        {\n          \"event_id\": \"noise_support_email_1\",\n          \"channel\": \"email\",\n          \"timestamp\": \"2025-11-06T09:02:00+09:00\",\n          \"participants\": [\n            \"person_alex_smith\"\n          ],\n          \"direction\": \"inbound\",\n          \"subject\": \"[SUPPORT] Question about access to legacy dashboard\",\n          \"content\": \"From: internal-support@company.com\\nTo: Alex Smith <alex.smith@company.com>\\nDate: Thu, 6 Nov 2025 09:02:00 +0900\\nSubject: [SUPPORT] Question about access to legacy dashboard\\n\\nHi Alex,\\n\\nWe received a request from a contractor asking for access to the legacy analytics dashboard. Can you confirm whether they should have access or if they should use the new reporting tool instead?\\n\\nThanks,\\nInternal Support\",\n          \"metadata\": {\n            \"message_id\": \"noise_support_001@company.com\",\n            \"in_reply_to\": null\n          }\n        }\n      ]\n    },\n    {\n      \"id\": \"noise_slack_random_thread\",\n      \"type\": \"slack\",\n      \"seed\": 66192,\n      \"events\": [\n        {\n          \"event_id\": \"noise_random_slack_1\",\n          \"channel\": \"slack\",\n          \"timestamp\": \"2025-11-07T17:20:00+09:00\",\n          \"participants\": [\n            \"person_sam_williams\",\n            \"person_casey_jones\"\n          ],\n          \"direction\": \"group\",\n          \"subject\": \"Design handoff\",\n          \"content\": \"Sam Williams: \\\"@Casey do you have the latest mockups for the settings page? I only see v3 in Figma and I thought we had a v4 with the new typography.\\\"\",\n          \"metadata\": {\n            \"channel_name\": \"ui-ux\",\n            \"thread_ts\": \"2025-11-07T17:20:00+09:00\"\n          }\n        },\n        {\n          \"event_id\": \"noise_random_slack_2\",\n          \"channel\": \"slack\",\n          \"timestamp\": \"2025-11-07T17:23:10+09:00\",\n          \"participants\": [\n            \"person_casey_jones\",\n            \"person_sam_williams\"\n          ],\n          \"direction\": \"group_reply\",\n          \"subject\": \"Re: Design handoff\",\n          \"content\": \"Casey Jones: \\\"v4 is in the 'Settings - Final' page in the same Figma project. I’ll add you as an editor just in case.\\\"\",\n          \"metadata\": {\n            \"channel_name\": \"ui-ux\",\n            \"thread_ts\": \"2025-11-07T17:20:00+09:00\"\n          }\n        }\n      ]\n    }\n  ]\n}",
      "tool_calls": null
    },
    "usage": {
      "prompt_tokens": 1206,
      "completion_tokens": 5405,
      "total_tokens": 6611
    }
  }
}